    What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
    After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets.
    I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
    My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “Thats my stepladder,” he said. "I never knew my real ladder.”
    What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
    Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
    I dont get why Marvel doesnt use the Hulk to advertise more. Hes basically one big Banner.
    What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
    Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
    I just found out Im colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
    Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
    My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, "I always have a few Twix up my sleeve."
    How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo spaper.
    Whats the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
    I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. Its soda pressing.
    Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
    Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
    In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble.
    What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
    In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
    Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
    My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasnt cool.
    What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
    If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery… Ill kill him with my bear hands.
    Did you know that the first french fries werent cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
    This morning, Siri said, “Dont call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode.
    Its easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents.
    I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us arent going to work out.
    How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
    The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
    I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
    I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
    I cant take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. Thats what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
    To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
    Whats Forrest Gumps password? 1forrest1.
    I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
    If prisoners could take their own mug shots…Theyd be called cellfies.
    Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? Theyre making headlines.
    If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
    Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. Its tearable.
    A panic stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think Im shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “Youll just have to learn to be a little patient.”
    What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
    A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
    What is a guitar players favorite Italian food? Strum boli.
    How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
    Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
    I dont trust stairs. Theyre always up to something.
    People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
    Whyd the alternate universe Spider Man do so well on his driving test? Hes an excellent parallel Parker.
    Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
    Whats a lawyers favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
    What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
    What do you call a wizard whos really bad at football? Fumbledore.
    How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
    I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
    Whats blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
    I dont get why bakers arent wealthier. They make so much dough.
    I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7s and 8s.
    How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
    How do flat earthers travel? On a plane.
    I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. Ill let you know.
    Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. Thats the punch line.
    My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. Im feeling cannelloni right now.
    Whats an astronauts favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
    I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Lets make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess.
    I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody.
    Why didnt the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
    Today Im attaching a light to the ceiling, but Im afraid Ill probably screw it up.
    I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
    I cant take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. Thats what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
    Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
    I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldnt support windows.
    I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
    "Cop: Im arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia." Man: "Wait! I can explain everything!"
    My friend couldnt afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a "Get Well Soon" card.
    Im Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me.
    Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
    Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? Whats he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
    This years Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently its as big as the last two put together.
    An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
    Im addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
    In 2017 I didnt do a marathon. I didnt do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke.
    Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
    Ever since we started quarantining, Ive only been telling inside jokes.
    If youre feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. Itll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning.
    My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. "Sure," I said. "My door is always open."
    I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. "No," I said. "Its to look at."
    What has five toes and isnt your foot? My foot.
    My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I dont believe him, but thats his story and hes sticking to it.
    When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
    Whats brown and sticky? A stick.
    My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
    A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright.
    Im reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
    Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time
    During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them.
    Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? Im just asking for a friend.
    Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldnt see himself doing it.
    When I die, I want to be cremated. Its my last chance to have a smokin hot body.
    “Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if Im talking to drugs, I probably already said yes.
    I once saw a one handed man in a second hand store. I told him, “I dont think they have what youre looking for, sir.”
    What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
    What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Lets get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
    How come the Hulk doesnt lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
    I didnt want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
    I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesnt come with a driver. I cant believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
    Whats green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
    I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
    Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasnt too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
    Whats the best thing about living in Switzerland? I dont know, but the flag is a big plus.
    At the job interview, they asked me, “Where do you see yourself in five years?”
    I told him, “I think well still be using mirrors in five years.”
    A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him its not polite to fish and tell.
    How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
    How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
    I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case theres a salad dressing.
    Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad a base.
    What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo berries.
    I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didnt work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find.
    Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough.
    What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
    Lance isnt that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance a lot.
    I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel.
    She said I wont be able to make it.
    I used to be addicted to soap, but Im clean now.
    I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins.
    A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, "Its a moving violation."
    Swords will never go obsolete. Theyre cutting edge technology.
    I asked the IT guy, "How do you make a Motherboard?" He said, "I tell her about my job."
    What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
    30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
    What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
    I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally.
    You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now its a $1. Thats inflation for you.
    My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed.
    Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because its so time consuming.
    I went to a smoke shop only to discover itd been replaced by an apparel store. Clothes, but no cigar.
    Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
    My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I dont even care.
    Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and hell fly for the rest of his life.
    As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice.
    I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
    What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
    I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
    They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if its poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important.
    The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
    Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”
    If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and youre a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called.
    I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once.
    My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. Its a good thing he drives a Civic.
    In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective.
    A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “Im sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”
    I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But its becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
    What do you call bears with no ears? B.
    Whats the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
    A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You cant cut me down,” the tree complains. “Im a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”
    I heard Sonys coming out with a new console during the pandemic...Its called the Plaguestation 5.
    When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein.
    A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "What do you want?" The man says, "Oh, just some fruit punch." The bartender sighs and shakes his head, "If you want punch, youre gonna have to wait in line." The man looks around, but there is no punchline.
    Whats worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
    I just got my doctors test results and Im really upset. Turns out, Im not gonna be a doctor.
    I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but Im sticking to my guns.
    My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isnt working.” Im not sure what shes talking about. I opened the fridge door and its working fine!
    My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but Im eager to please.
    My wife told me she didnt understand cloning. I told her, "That makes two of us."
    My wife told me shell slam my head on the keyboard if I dont get off the computer. Im not too worried, I think shes jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf
    My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I dont fit in my pants from March.
    When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I dont find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates.
    After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
    Why didnt the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
    My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
    My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but dont worry, Ill return.
    “Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why cant you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”
    I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “Its me… talking to my beer.”
    “Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?" She responded, “Im Bixby, you moron.”
    My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. "She obviously has COVID," my wife said. "Why?" I asked. "Because she has no taste."
    Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer ring.
    "Your wife and daughter look like twins," my friend said. "Well," I replied, "they were separated at birth."
    One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. Ive been so upset, Ive lost 20 pounds.” “If its that bad, why dont you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “Id like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”
    I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wifes bickering between songs.
    I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when shes standing.
    My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
    My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, “Im getting a divorce,” she was the first one to like it.
    My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
    When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
    My daughter just shrieked at me, “Daaaaaad, you havent listened to a word Ive said, have you?” What an odd way to begin a conversation.
    I have a great joke about nepotism. But Ill only tell it to my kids.
    “Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun.
    What happened when the ten year old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
    Id like to have kids one day. I dont think I could stand them any longer than that, though.
    What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
    I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didnt have any idea either.
    My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
    I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. Im a faux pa!
    A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, “Thats arson.”
    Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst.
    “Whats your name, son?” The principal asked his student. The kid replied, “D d d dav dav david, sir.” “Do you have a stutter?” the principal asked. The student answered, “No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.”
    Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, “When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.” “Oh yeah?” the son retorts. “Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.”
    A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”
    A son tells his father, “I have an imaginary girlfriend.” The father sighs and says, “You know, you could do better.” “Thanks Dad,” the son says. “That means a lot.” The father shakes his head and goes, “I was talking to your girlfriend.”
    Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, cant you just use a sponge?”
    My dad died because he couldnt remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but its just so hard without him.
    I tried to explain to my 4 year old son that its perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But hes still making fun of me.
    I wasnt close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
    How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner.
    How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him.
    How many DIY buffs does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes two weeks and four trips to the hardware store.
    How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know?
    I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when its raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when its raining in Sweden?
    I was addicted to the hokey pokey…but I turned myself around.
    I dont trust stairs. They are always up to something.
    Today, my son asked, “Can I have a bookmark?” I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesnt know my name is Brian.
    When I was a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there.
    Why didnt Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie.
    Why dont pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore.
    Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because theyre so good at it.
    Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish.
    A turtle is crossing the road when hes mugged by two snails. When the police ask him what happened, the shaken turtle replies, “I dont know. It all happened so fast.”
    Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive in? He went to see Closed for the Winter.
    We all know about Murphys Law: Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Coles Law? Its thinly sliced cabbage.
    When does a joke become a “dad joke”? When it becomes apparent.
    I had a happy childhood. My dad used to put me in tires and roll me down hills. Those were Goodyears.
    What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
    I know a bunch of good jokes about umbrellas, but they usually go over peoples heads.
    The bank keeps calling me to give me compliments. They say I have an “outstanding balance.”
    What is the most popular fish in the ocean? A starfish.
    Barbers…you have to take your hat off to them.
    What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinners on me.
    Did you hear about the surgeon who enjoyed performing quick surgeries on insects? He did one on the fly.
    Whats a vampires favorite ship? A blood vessel.
    Theres only one thing I cant deal with, and thats a deck of cards glued together.
    The past, the present, and the future walked into a bar. It was tense.
    Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watchdogs.
    What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador.
    Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys.
    What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle.
    What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks.
    Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns dont work.
    What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh.
    Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas.
    What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato.
    Why is grass so dangerous? Because its full of blades.
    What is the Easter bunnys favorite type of music? Hip hop.
    A friend of mine is known for sweeping girls off their feet. Hes an extremely aggressive janitor.
    Im an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. Its my special tea.
    My sons fourth birthday was today. When he came to see me, I didnt recognize him at first. I had never seen him be four.
    I recently went to the “Worlds Tiniest Wind Turbine” exhibit. Honestly, not a big fan.
    I was out on a walk when I saw a sign that said, “Man wanted for robbery.” So I went in and applied for the job.
    How long should socks be? Twelve inches, so you can fit in one foot.
    Did you hear the joke about experiencing dejà vu? Did you hear the joke about experiencing dejà vu?
    A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
    Im reading a novel where the main character has strained the muscles around his spine. Thats his back story.
    My doctor told me Ive really grown as a person. Well, her exact words were that I “gained excess weight.”
    What do you call someone who always states the obvious? Someone who always states the obvious.
    Scientists have discovered what is believed to be the worlds largest bedsheet. More on this story as it unfolds.
    3.14 percent of sailors are pi rates.
    You cant plant flowers if you havent botany.
    What did the French chef give his wife for Valentines Day? A hug and a quiche.
    A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
    Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, Im not going to spread it!
    Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
    What do Bostonians call a fake noodle? An impasta.
    A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people: the student, his mama, and his pauper.
    My son has his BA and his MA, but his P­A still supports him.
    What does a mobster buried in cement soon become? A hardened criminal.
    What does “idk” stand for? Everyone I ask says, “I dont know.”
    Why was the pig covered in ink? Because it lived in a pen.
    Did you hear about the guy who stole 50 cartons of hand sanitizer? They couldnt prosecute—his hands were clean.
    Why was the rookie police officer assigned to hunt the cannibal? The more seasoned officers had already been eaten.
    What do you call a snitching scientist? A lab rat.
    Whats the difference between a man wearing pajamas on a bicycle and a guy wearing a tuxedo on a unicycle? Attire.
    Its a shame that the Beatles didnt make the submarine in that song green. That wouldve been sublime.
    Did you hear about the aquatic sea mammals that escaped from the zoo? It was otter chaos.
    What did the skeleton order with its beer? A mop.
    Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
    How much do I love crunchy tacos? From my head tomatoes.
    What kind of spells do leprechauns use? Lucky Charms.
